Explain why ARGUS_FRONTEND_URL is needed better (#1215)
Uninett/Argus: docs/reference/react-frontend.rst

* :setting:`ARGUS_FRONTEND_URL` is used for redirecting back to frontend after logging in
  through Feide and CORS. Must either be a subdomain of or the same as
  :setting:`ARGUS_SPA_COOKIE_DOMAIN`. It is also used for building permalinks
  to point back to incidents in the dashboard, or whenever else an absolute url
  is needed.

> Depending on how argus is deployed this is the only sure fire way to get hold

Author: Updated.

> Depending on how Argus is deployed this is the only sure fire way to get hold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how Argus is deployed this is the only surefire way to get hold
```
